                                             This Project has 3 challenges


Clone the project into your directory.

Download  all the libraries with "npm install".

To Start the project use command "npm start".

For testing use command "npm test".



I have implmented all the 3 challenges given.

                                                Public Endpoint
/login -->It will give you the login form to enter username and password,It can be any random pair.

                                              Protected Endpoint
                                              
Note**All the below pages will show the webpage when the token is being present in the url header,other if we directly try to access     them then it will display”No token Authenticated”.Or if you change the token manually than”Failed to authenticate token”.   
  
/tokeninfo-It will provide the token value which is generated by submitting the form values to the jsw signin function.

/jsonpatch?token=”” -->this will show the webpage with the information of jsonpatch.

/jsonpatchresult?token=””-->This will show the result of the jsonpatch 

/thumbnail?token=”” -->this will show the webpage with the information of of form to enter the url of the image.

/thumbnailresult-->It will show the resize image of the imageurl.


                                                Testing
For testing I had used mocha with chai,I had described 13 testcases which is being fully passed when run with command "npm test".


                                               Bonus Section
1)I had used Istanbul for test coverage reports.(npm test).

2)Used JSdoc comments to build the HTML site from comments.(jsdoc server.js)This will generate html site in the out folder.

3)Used Winston library for logging.(node log.js).-->This will generate debug.log and exceptions.log file for log.

4)Used ESlint for linting(eslint server.js).








